index.md, before:

# PlantAssistant

PlantAssistant support to parse AVEVA PDMS/E3D RVM and SmartPlant3D VUE files and visualize its 3d model, and can convert them to GLTF, STEP files.

| Plant Design System | Model Files |
| --------------------| ------------|
| AVEVA PDMS/E3D      | RVM/ATT     |
| Intergraph SmartPlant3D | VUE/(MDB2, XML) |

# AVEVA PDMS/E3D RVM
![Spooler](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d43c28ca-8327-44bd-80fc-33e1a86d4fbc)

![Ship Hull](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6e74916e-dfe1-46dc-b191-7a329bc96e73)

![RvmTranslator in Linux](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8439181/160504387-60373a51-8db4-41b5-a347-cbc894adc773.png)

# SmartPlant3D VUE
PlantAssistant can import VUE of Intergraph SmartPlant3D:
![MadisonPlant](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ab631088-32c7-4f58-9af3-963d4eb50dea)

## Notice
**PlantAssistant is not open source software. You can use 3D view function of PlantAssistant freely, other functions need pay for it.**

**PlantAssistant 不是开源软件，但你可以免费使用3D浏览功能，其他功能需要付费才能使用。**

## Download
If you want to test PlantAssistant please send email to: whtuhe@qq.com

## Feedback
TUHE TEAM (whtuhe@qq.com)

Commit message:

Enhance index.md with piping data file details
Updated description to include piping data files and GLTF conversion.

index.md, after:

# PlantAssistant

PlantAssistant support to parse AVEVA PDMS/E3D RVM and SmartPlant3D VUE files, Piping data files, .etc, visualize its 3d model and can convert them to GLTF files.

| Plant Design System | Model Files |
| --------------------| ------------|
| AVEVA PDMS/E3D      | RVM/ATT     |
| Intergraph SmartPlant3D | VUE/(MDB2, XML) |
| Piping Data File | PCF,IDF|

# AVEVA PDMS/E3D RVM
![Spooler](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d43c28ca-8327-44bd-80fc-33e1a86d4fbc)

![Ship Hull](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6e74916e-dfe1-46dc-b191-7a329bc96e73)

![RvmTranslator in Linux](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8439181/160504387-60373a51-8db4-41b5-a347-cbc894adc773.png)

# SmartPlant3D VUE
PlantAssistant can import VUE of Intergraph SmartPlant3D:
![MadisonPlant](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ab631088-32c7-4f58-9af3-963d4eb50dea)

## Notice
**PlantAssistant is not open source software. You can use 3D view function of PlantAssistant freely, other functions need pay for it.**

**PlantAssistant 不是开源软件，但你可以免费使用3D浏览功能，其他功能需要付费才能使用。**

## Download
If you want to test PlantAssistant please send email to: whtuhe@qq.com

## Feedback
TUHE TEAM (whtuhe@qq.com)
