README.md, before:

# PlantAssistant

PlantAssistant support to parse AVEVA PDMS/E3D RVM and SmartPlant3D VUE files and visualize its 3d model, and can convert them to GLTF, STEP files.

| Plant Design System | Model Files |
| --------------------| ------------|
| AVEVA PDMS/E3D      | RVM/ATT     |
| Intergraph SmartPlant3D | VUE/(MDB2, XML) |

# AVEVA PDMS/E3D RVM
![Spooler model](https://img2024.cnblogs.com/blog/534255/202510/534255-20251025171901508-305225204.png)

![Ship Hull](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8439181/160504860-f66f271a-389e-4f01-81fc-46c7d9b29c0e.png)

![RvmTranslator in Linux](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8439181/160504387-60373a51-8db4-41b5-a347-cbc894adc773.png)

# SmartPlant3D VUE
PlantAssistant can import VUE of Intergraph SmartPlant3D:
![MadisonPlant](https://img2024.cnblogs.com/blog/534255/202510/534255-20251025171908723-848258663.png)

## Notice
**PlantAssistant is not open source software. You can use 3D view function of PlantAssistant freely, other functions need pay for it.**

**PlantAssistant 不是开源软件，但你可以免费使用3D浏览功能，其他功能需要付费才能使用。**

## Download
You can download PlantAssistant from the following address:
https://github.com/eryar/PlantAssistant/releases

## Feedback
TUHE TEAM (whtuhe@qq.com)

Commit message:

Revise README with new image sources and contact info
Updated image links and modified download instructions.

README.md, after:

# PlantAssistant

PlantAssistant support to parse AVEVA PDMS/E3D RVM and SmartPlant3D VUE files and visualize its 3d model, and can convert them to GLTF, STEP files.

| Plant Design System | Model Files |
| --------------------| ------------|
| AVEVA PDMS/E3D      | RVM/ATT     |
| Intergraph SmartPlant3D | VUE/(MDB2, XML) |

# AVEVA PDMS/E3D RVM
<img width="1280" height="764" alt="Spooler" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d43c28ca-8327-44bd-80fc-33e1a86d4fbc" />

![Ship Hull](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6e74916e-dfe1-46dc-b191-7a329bc96e73)

![RvmTranslator in Linux](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8439181/160504387-60373a51-8db4-41b5-a347-cbc894adc773.png)

# SmartPlant3D VUE
PlantAssistant can import VUE of Intergraph SmartPlant3D:
![MadisonPlant](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ab631088-32c7-4f58-9af3-963d4eb50dea)

## Notice
**PlantAssistant is not open source software. You can use 3D view function of PlantAssistant freely, other functions need pay for it.**

**PlantAssistant 不是开源软件，但你可以免费使用3D浏览功能，其他功能需要付费才能使用。**

## Download
If you want to test PlantAssistant please send email to: whtuhe@qq.com

## Feedback
TUHE TEAM (whtuhe@qq.com)
